Mini Bio

Name: Chester Cho
Degreed Education:  UCSD, BS in Biochemistry.
Coding Education: Monta Vista High School, Programming in C.

Work experience:
After graduating from UCSD, I joined the SIGNAL lab in SALK institute as a bioinformatics assistant.  
It was a full time internship and I really liked the lab and its faculties.  I enjoyed every moment 
of the coding and the interactions with the research assistants.  My primary duty is to develop an 
application that would record the result of the analytical procedures performed by other assistants.   
My other duty includes parsing DNA sequences from public data base on various websites.  Even though 
I was having a blast working for SALK, I knew it wouldn't last because of the financial obligations 
that needed to be addressed and the lab was not pulling in enough grants to make me a permanent 
employee.  I had made plan to get a job that would allow me to pay off the family debts, so I could 
indulge myself with a job similar to the one I had at SALK.   After leaving SALK, I was fortunate 
enough to get scooped up by my dad's factory in China.  It was a factory that manufacture ladies 
dress shoes, but mostly stilettos.  My duties there ranged from customer service to monthly payroll 
to authorizing purchases.  As long as it had something to do with factory operation, I was involved.  
Occasionally, I would take on the role of management to fire employees who got caught embezzling 
company resources, just because no one wanted to do it and I was the tallest person in the office.  
They tend to equate height and the ability to intimidate.  It was a rather unique experience and I 
am very grateful that my dad had bestowed me with the opportunity and the responsibilities.  It was 
no easy work, as things in a dress shoes factory never worked according to plans and macro issues such 
as inflation and currency appreciation always hindered factory operations.  After three years, I was 
able to pay off all financial obligations and I left the factory.  Just like the position at SALK, 
this was an experience I will always remember vividly for the rest of my life.      



